feat: interactions and slash commands (#638)
discordjs/guide: guide/interactions/replying-to-slash-commands.md

# Replying to slash commands

> Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you will be learning how to respond to these commands using discord.js!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you'll be learning how to respond to these commands using discord.js!
```
Consistency in language with the other page

::: tip
You need to have at least one slash command set-up for your application to follow the instructions on this page. If you haven't done that yet, refer to [the previous page](/interactions/registering-slash-commands/).
:::

## Receiving interactions

Every slash command is an `interaction`, so to respond to a command you need to setup an event listener that will execute code when your application receives an interaction:

```js
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
	console.log(interaction);
});
```
        

> However, not every interaction is a slash command. Let's make sure to only receive slash commands by making use of the `interaction#isCommand()` method:

Reviewer: A word on what else could be an interaction maybe?

Author: currently there are no other public interaction types available, will revisit once that changes

Author: This has been adressed

	</discord-message>
</div>

You've successfully sent a response to a slash command! This is only the beginning, there's more to look out for so let's move on to further ways of replying to a command!

## Ephemeral responses

You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel to see a slash command's response. Thankfully, Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. These type of messages are called `ephemeral` messages and can be set by using `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions`, as follows:

```js{3}
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') interaction.reply('Pong!', { ephemeral: true });
});
```

Now when you run your command again, you should see something like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong! (ephemeral)
	</discord-message>
</div>

That's it! You've successfully sent an ephemeral response to a slash command.

> We're not done yet, there's still more topics to cover, so let's move on to the next!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're not done yet, there are still more topics to cover, so let's move on to the next!
```

Reviewer 3: +1

## Editing responses

After you've sent an initial response, you may want to edit that response for various reasons. This can be easily achieved by making use of the `interaction#editReply()` method, as seen below:

::: warning
After the initial response, an interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send follow-up messages.
:::

```js{1,3,8-9}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') { 
		interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await wait(2000);
		interaction.editReply('Pong again!');
	}
});
```

Excellent, now you've successfully edited the response of a slash command!

## Deferred responses

> As previously mentioned, you have three seconds to respond to an interaction before its token turns invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task that takes longer than that before sending the response? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned, you have three seconds to respond to an interaction before its token becomes invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task which takes longer than three seconds before being able to reply?
```
Minor word choice differences

> In this case you can make use of the `interaction#defer()` method, which triggers the `<application> is thinking...` message and also acts as initial response, giving you 15 minutes time to complete your tasks before responding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you can make use of the `interaction#defer()` method, which triggers the `<application> is thinking...` message and also acts as initial response. This in turn gives you 15 minutes time to complete your tasks before responding:
```
Feels like a run-on sentence

<!--- here either display the is thinking message via vue-discord-message or place a screenshot -->

```js{7-9}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') { 
		interaction.defer();
		await wait(4000);
		interaction.editReply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial three second timeframe! When you have a command that performs longer tasks, be sure to call `defer()` as soon as possible.

> But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass `true` as parameter to the `defer()` method as outlined below, which will make the deferred response ephemeral:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass `true` as parameter to the `defer()` method as outlined below making the deferred response ephemeral:
```
alternative wording

# Replying to Slash Commands

Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you will be learning how to respond to these commands using discord.js!

::: tip
You need to have at least one slash command set-up for your application to follow the instructions on this page.
:::

## Receiving Interactions

Every slash command is an `interaction`, so to respond to a command you need to setup an event listener that will execute code when your application receives an interaction:

```js
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
	console.log(interaction);
});
```

::: warning

> Not every `interaction` is a clash command, so you need to make sure you that you know which type of Interaction you are dealing with!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not every `interaction` is a slash command, so you need to make sure that you know which type of Interaction you are dealing with!
```

:::

Let's make sure you only receive slash commands by making use of the `interaction.isCommand()` method:

```js
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
    // We return if our interaction is not a slash command
    if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
	console.log(interaction);
});
```

## Responding to a Command

There are multiple ways of responding to a slash command, we will be covering each of these in the following segments.
The most common way of sending a response is by using the `interaction.reply()` method:

::: warning

> Initially an Interaction token is only valid for 3 Seconds, so that's the timeframe in which you are able to use the `interaction.reply()` method. We will be covering responses that require more time in the Deferred Responses section of this page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Initially an Interaction token is only valid for three seconds, so that's the timeframe in which you are able to use the `interaction.reply()` method. Responses that require more time ("Deferred Responses") are explained later in this page.
```

:::

> ```js
> client.on('interaction', interaction => {
>     // We return if our interaction is not a Slash Command
>     if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
>     // Check if it is the correct command and send a response
> 	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') interaction.reply('Pong!');

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```js{3}
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') interaction.reply('Pong!');
```
Comments like these aren't necessary; the code itself reads nicely. This goes for the other codeblocks too.

});
```

Restart your bot and then send the command to a channel your bot has access to. If all goes well, you should see something like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
</div>

You've successfully sent a response to a slash command! This is only the beginning, there's more to look out for so let's move on to further ways of replying to a command!

## Ephemeral Responses

> You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel in which a command has been used to see the response, thankfully Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. These type of messages are called `ephemeral` messages.
> 
> To make a response ephemeral all you have to do is set `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions` as follows:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel to see a slash command's response. Thankfully, Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. These type of messages are called `ephemeral` messages and can be set by using `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions`, as follows:
```

```js
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
    if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
    // Setting the ephemeral flag to true will make the response ephemeral
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') interaction.reply('Pong!', { ephemeral: true });
});
```

Now when you run your command again, you should see something like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong! (ephemeral)
	</discord-message>
</div>

That's it! You've successfully sent an ephemeral response to a slash command.
We're not done yet, there's still more topics to cover, so let's move on to the next!

## Editing Responses

> After you've send an initial response you may want to edit that response for various reasons. This can be easily achieved by making use of the `interaction.editReply()` method as seen below:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After you've sent an initial response, you may want to edit that response for various reasons. This can be easily achieved by making use of the `interaction.editReply()` method, as seen below:
```

::: warning

> After the initial response an Interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send followup messages.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After the initial response, an Interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send follow-up messages.
```

:::

```js
// We import and promisify the setTimeout() function
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);
// We make the function async to be able to use the await syntax
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
    if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
    
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') { 
        interaction.reply('Pong!'); // We send our initial response
        await wait(2000); // We wait 2 seconds
        interaction.editReply('Pong again!'); // We edit our response
    }
});
```

Excellent, now you've successfully edited the response of a slash command!

## Deferred Responses

> As you've read in the `Responding to a Command` section, you have 3 seconds to respond to an Interaction before its token turns invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task that takes longer than that before sending the response? 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As previously mentioned, you have three seconds to respond to an Interaction before its token turns invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task that takes longer than that before sending the response? 
```

In this case you can make use of the `interaction.defer()` method, which triggers the `<application> is thinking...` message and also acts as initial response, giving you 15 minutes time to complete your tasks before responding:
<!--- here either display the is thinking message via vue-discord-message or place a screenshot -->

```js
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
    if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
    
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') { 
        interaction.defer(); // We defer our initial response
        await wait(4000); // We wait 4 seconds
        interaction.editReply('Pong!'); // We send our response using editReply()
    }
});
```

As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial 3 second timeframe!

::: tip

> You should call the `defer()` method as soon as possibly when you have a command that performs longer tasks to make sure that you defer the response before 3 seconds have passed!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should call the `defer()` method as soon as possible when you have a command that performs longer tasks to make sure that you defer the response before 3 seconds have passed!
```

> As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial 3 second timeframe!
> 
> ::: tip
> You should call the `defer()` method as soon as possibly when you have a command that performs longer tasks to make sure that you defer the response before 3 seconds have passed!
> :::

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial 3 second timeframe! When you have a command that performs longer tasks, be sure to call `defer()` as soon as possible.
```

But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass `true` as parameter to the `defer()` method as outlined below:

```js
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
    if (!interaction.isCommand()) return; 
    
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') { 
        interaction.defer(true); // We defer our initial response and make it ephemeral
        await wait(4000); // We wait 4 seconds
        interaction.editReply('Pong!'); // We send our response using editReply()
    }
});
```

Perfect, now you know how to reply to a slash command when you have to perform time intensive tasks!

> ## Followups

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Follow-ups
```
Also applies for the text below

Replying to slash commands is great and all, but what if you want to send multiple responses instead of just one? Followup messages got you covered, you can use `interaction.webhook.send()` to send multiple responses:

::: warning

> After the initial response an Interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send followup messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the initial response, an Interaction token is valid for 15 minutes only, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send followup messages.
```

```

Excellent, now you've successfully edited the response of a slash command!

## Deferred responses

As previously mentioned, you have three seconds to respond to an interaction before its token becomes invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task which takes longer than three seconds before being able to reply?

In this case you can make use of the `CommandInteraction#defer()` method, which triggers the `<application> is thinking...` message and also acts as initial response. This in turn gives you 15 minutes time to complete your tasks before responding:
<!--- here either display the is thinking message via vue-discord-message or place a screenshot -->

```js {7-9}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.defer();
		await wait(4000);
		await interaction.editReply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial three second timeframe! When you have a command that performs longer tasks, be sure to call `defer()` as soon as possible.

> But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass `true` as parameter to the `defer()` method as outlined below making the deferred response ephemeral:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass an `ephemeral` flag to the `defer()` method as outlined below making the deferred response ephemeral:
```

	}
});
```

Perfect, now you know how to reply to a slash command when you have to perform time intensive tasks!

## Follow-ups

Replying to slash commands is great and all, but what if you want to send multiple responses instead of just one? Follow-up messages got you covered, you can use `CommandInteraction#followUp()` to send multiple responses:

::: warning
After the initial response an interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send follow-up messages.
:::

```js {6}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await interaction.followUp('Pong again!');
	}
});
```

If you run this code you should end up having something that looks like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong again!
	</discord-message>
</div>

> Now you may want to send an ephemeral follow-up, to do so just repeat the procedure as follows and also pass in `ephemeral: true` to the `InteractionReplyOptions`:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Now you may want to send an ephemeral follow-up, to do so, just repeat the procedure as follows and also pass in `ephemeral: true` to the `InteractionReplyOptions`:
```

```js {6}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await interaction.followUp('Pong again!', { ephemeral: true });
	}
});
```

If you run this code you should end up having something that looks like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong again! (ephemeral)
	</discord-message>
</div>

That's all, now you know everything there is to know on how to reply to slash commands! 

::: tip
Interaction responses run on top of webhooks thus, they inherit certain aspects from webhook messages:
- they can contain up to 10 message embeds
- they can use guild emojis globally
- they can mask links in message content
:::

## Fetching and deleting responses

> Additionally to replying to a slash command you may also want to delete the initial reply. You can do this by using `CommandInteraction#deleteReply()` like this:

Reviewer 6: Should mention that it's not possible to fetch or delete an ephemeral reply - edit only.

Author: Will do

	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>

That's all, now you know everything there is to know on how to reply to slash commands! 

::: tip
Interaction responses can use masked links and global emojis (they do not have to be in the guild the emoji is uploaded to) in the message content.
:::

## Parsing options

If you have a command that contains options, chances are you want to access their values in your code, so let's se how to that. 

Let's assume you have a command that contains the following options:

```js {4-35}
const data = {
	name: 'ping',
	description: 'Replies with Pong!',
	options: [
		{
			name: 'input',
			description: 'Enter a string',
			type: 'STRING',
		},
		{
			name: 'num',
			description: 'Enter an integer',
			type: 'INTEGER',
		},
		{
			name: 'choice',
			description: 'Select a boolean',
			type: 'BOOLEAN',
		},
		{
			name: 'target',
			description: 'Select a user',
			type: 'USER',
		},
		{
			name: 'destination',
			description: 'Select a channel',
			type: 'CHANNEL',
		},
		{
			name: 'muted',
			description: 'Select a role',
			type: 'ROLE',
		},
	],
};
```

You would `get()` these options from the `CommandInteraction#options` collection like this:

> ```js {5-11,13}
> client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
> 	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
> 
> 	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
> 		const { value: string } = interaction.options.get('input');
> 		const { value: integer } = interaction.options.get('num');
> 		const { value: boolean } = interaction.options.get('choice');
> 		const { user } = interaction.options.get('target');
> 		const { member } = interaction.options.get('input');
> 		const { channel } = interaction.options.get('destination');
> 		const { role } = interaction.options.get('muted');
> 
> 		console.log([string, integer, boolean, user, member, channel, role]);
> 		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
> 	}
> });

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```js
const { value: string } = interaction.options.get('input');
const { value: integer } = interaction.options.get('num');
const { value: boolean } = interaction.options.get('choice');
const { user } = interaction.options.get('target');
const { member } = interaction.options.get('input');
const { channel } = interaction.options.get('destination');
const { role } = interaction.options.get('muted');

console.log([string, integer, boolean, user, member, channel, role]);
```

```

::: tip
If you want the snowflake of a structure instead, you can retrieve that by accesing it with the `value` property.
:::

## Fetching and deleting responses

::: danger
You can _not_ fetch nor delete an ephemeral message.
:::

> Additionally to replying to a slash command you may also want to delete the initial reply. You can do this by using `CommandInteraction#deleteReply()` like this:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In addition to replying to a slash command, you may also want to delete the initial reply. You can use `CommandInteraction#deleteReply()` for this:
```

> ```js {6}
> client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
> 	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
> 
> 	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
> 		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
> 		await interaction.deleteReply();
> 	}
> });

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<!-- eslint-skip -->

```js {2}
await interaction.reply('Pong!');
await interaction.deleteReply();
```

```

> Lastly, you may require the `Message` object of a reply for various reasons, such as adding reactions. To retrieve the message instance of an interaction response you can use the `CommandInteraction#fetchReply()` method to fetch the initial response:
> 
> ```js {6,7}
> client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
> 	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
> 
> 	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
> 		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
> 		const message = await interaction.fetchReply();
> 		console.log(message);
> 	}
> });

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Lastly, you may require the `Message` object of a reply for various reasons, such as adding reactions. You can use the `CommandInteraction#fetchReply()` method to fetch the `Message` instance of an initial response:

<!-- eslint-skip -->

```js
await interaction.reply('Pong!');
const message = await interaction.fetchReply();
console.log(message);
```

:::

However, not every interaction is a slash command (e.g. `MessageComponent`'s). Let's make sure to only receive slash commands by making use of the `CommandInteraction#isCommand()` method:

```js {2}
client.on('interactionCreate', interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
	console.log(interaction);
});
```

## Responding to a command

There are multiple ways of responding to a slash command, we'll be covering each of these in the following segments.
The most common way of sending a response is by using the `CommandInteraction#reply()` method:

::: warning
Initially an interaction token is only valid for three seconds, so that's the timeframe in which you are able to use the `CommandInteraction#reply()` method. Responses that require more time ("Deferred Responses") are explained later in this page.
:::

```js {1,3}
client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') await interaction.reply('Pong!');
});
```

Restart your bot and then send the command to a channel your bot has access to. If all goes well, you should see something like this:

> <!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
> <div is="discord-messages">
> 	<discord-message profile="user">
> 		/ping
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong!
> 	</discord-message>
> </div>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction profile="user" :command="true">ping</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong!
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>
```

You've successfully sent a response to a slash command! This is only the beginning, there's more to look out for so let's move on to further ways of replying to a command!

## Ephemeral responses

You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel to see a slash command's response. Thankfully, Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. These type of messages are called `ephemeral` messages and can be set by using `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions`, as follows:

```js {3}
client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') await interaction.reply({ content: 'Pong!', ephemeral: true });
});
```

Now when you run your command again, you should see something like this:

> <!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
> <div is="discord-messages">
> 	<discord-message profile="user">
> 		/ping
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong! (ephemeral)
> 	</discord-message>
> </div>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction
				profile="user"
				:command="true"
				:ephemeral="true"
			>ping</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong!
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>
```

```js {7}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.defer({ ephemeral: true });
		await wait(4000);
		await interaction.editReply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

Perfect, now you know how to reply to a slash command when you have to perform time intensive tasks!

## Follow-ups

Replying to slash commands is great and all, but what if you want to send multiple responses instead of just one? Follow-up messages got you covered, you can use `CommandInteraction#followUp()` to send multiple responses:

::: warning
After the initial response an interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send follow-up messages.
:::

```js {6}
client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await interaction.followUp('Pong again!');
	}
});
```

If you run this code you should end up having something that looks like this:

> <!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
> <div is="discord-messages">
> 	<discord-message profile="user">
> 		/ping
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong!
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong again!
> 	</discord-message>
> </div>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction profile="user" :command="true">ping</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong!
	</DiscordMessage>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction profile="bot">Pong!</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong again!
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>
```

Now you may want to send an ephemeral follow-up, to do so, just repeat the procedure as follows and also pass in `ephemeral: true` to the `InteractionReplyOptions`:

```js {6}
client.on('interactionCreate', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await interaction.followUp({ content: 'Pong again!', ephemeral: true });
	}
});
```

If you run this code you should end up having something that looks like this:

> <!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
> <div is="discord-messages">
> 	<discord-message profile="user">
> 		/ping
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong!
> 	</discord-message>
> 	<discord-message profile="bot">
> 		Pong again! (ephemeral)
> 	</discord-message>
> </div>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction profile="user" :command="true">ping</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong!
	</DiscordMessage>
	<DiscordMessage profile="bot">
		<template #interactions>
			<DiscordInteraction profile="bot" :ephemeral="true">Pong!</DiscordInteraction>
		</template>
		Pong again!
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>
```

# Replying to slash commands

Discord provides users the option to create client-integrated slash commands. In this section you'll be learning how to respond to these commands using discord.js!

::: tip
You need to have at least one slash command set-up for your application to follow the instructions on this page. If you haven't done that yet, refer to [the previous page](/interactions/registering-slash-commands/).
:::

## Receiving interactions

> Every slash command is an `interaction`, so to respond to a command you need to setup an event listener that will execute code when your application receives an interaction:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Every slash command is an `interaction`, so to respond to a command you need to set up an event listener that will execute code when your application receives an interaction:
```

```js
client.on('interaction', interaction => {
	console.log(interaction);
});

> ```

Reviewer 7: needs a new line between code and tip element (suggestions somehow don't allow me to suggest that)

::: tip

> You can easily adapt the command handler from earlier sections of the guide to work with interactions and thereby organize your commands properly!

Reviewer 7: if I remember correctly the earlier parts of the guide will be refactored to use slash commands?

:::

> However, not every interaction is a slash command (e.g. `MessageComponent`'s). Let's make sure to only receive slash commands by making use of the `CommandInteraction#isCommand()` method:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
However, not every interaction is a slash command (e.g. `MessageComponent`'s). Make sure to only receive slash commands by making use of the `CommandInteraction#isCommand()` method:
```

The most common way of sending a response is by using the `CommandInteraction#reply()` method:

::: warning
Initially an interaction token is only valid for three seconds, so that's the timeframe in which you are able to use the `CommandInteraction#reply()` method. Responses that require more time ("Deferred Responses") are explained later in this page.
:::

```js {1,3}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') await interaction.reply('Pong!');
});
```

Restart your bot and then send the command to a channel your bot has access to. If all goes well, you should see something like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
</div>

You've successfully sent a response to a slash command! This is only the beginning, there's more to look out for so let's move on to further ways of replying to a command!

## Ephemeral responses

> You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel to see a slash command's response. Thankfully, Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. These type of messages are called `ephemeral` messages and can be set by using `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions`, as follows:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
You may not always want everyone who has access to the channel to see a slash command's response. Thankfully, Discord implemented a way to hide messages from everyone but the executor of the slash command. This type of message is called `ephemeral` and can be set by using `ephemeral: true` in the `InteractionReplyOptions`, as follows:
```

```js {3}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;
	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') await interaction.reply({ content: 'Pong!', ephemeral: true });
});
```

Now when you run your command again, you should see something like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong! (ephemeral)
	</discord-message>
</div>

> That's it! You've successfully sent an ephemeral response to a slash command.
> We're not done yet, there's still more to cover, so let's move on to the next topic!

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
That's it! You've successfully sent an ephemeral response to a slash command. There's still more to cover, so let's move on to the next topic!
```

> 

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion

```
obsolete additional newline

## Editing responses

After you've sent an initial response, you may want to edit that response for various reasons. This can be easily achieved by making use of the `CommandInteraction#editReply()` method, as seen below:

::: warning
After the initial response, an interaction token is valid for 15 minutes, so this is the timeframe in which you can edit the response and send follow-up messages.
:::

```js {1,8-9}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await wait(2000);
		await interaction.editReply('Pong again!');
	}
});
```

Excellent, now you've successfully edited the response of a slash command!

> 

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion

```
obsolete additional newline

## Deferred responses

As previously mentioned, you have three seconds to respond to an interaction before its token becomes invalid. But what if you have a command that performs a task which takes longer than three seconds before being able to reply?

In this case you can make use of the `CommandInteraction#defer()` method, which triggers the `<application> is thinking...` message and also acts as initial response. This in turn gives you 15 minutes time to complete your tasks before responding:
<!--- here either display the is thinking message via vue-discord-message or place a screenshot -->

```js {7-9}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.defer();
		await wait(4000);
		await interaction.editReply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

> As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial three second timeframe! When you have a command that performs longer tasks, be sure to call `defer()` as soon as possible.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
As you can see, you are now able to respond to your command even if you surpass the initial three-second timeframe! If you have a command that performs longer tasks, be sure to call `defer()` as soon as possible.
```
Matter of condition, not time

> But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass an `ephemeral` flag to the `defer()` method as outlined below making the deferred response ephemeral:

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
But what if you want the deferred response to be ephemeral? Fear not, you can pass an `ephemeral` flag to the `defer()` method as outlined below, making the deferred response ephemeral:
```

```js {7}
const wait = require('util').promisify(setTimeout);

client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.defer({ ephemeral: true });
		await wait(4000);
		await interaction.editReply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

Perfect, now you know how to reply to a slash command when you have to perform time intensive tasks!

> 

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion

```
obsolete additional newline

<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong again!
	</discord-message>
</div>

Now you may want to send an ephemeral follow-up, to do so, just repeat the procedure as follows and also pass in `ephemeral: true` to the `InteractionReplyOptions`:

```js {6}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
		await interaction.followUp({ content: 'Pong again!', ephemeral: true });
	}
});
```

If you run this code you should end up having something that looks like this:

<!--- vue-discord-message doesn't yet have support for inline replies/interactions/ephemeral messages -->
<div is="discord-messages">
	<discord-message profile="user">
		/ping
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong!
	</discord-message>
	<discord-message profile="bot">
		Pong again! (ephemeral)
	</discord-message>
</div>

That's all, now you know everything there is to know on how to reply to slash commands! 

> ::: tip
> Interaction responses run on top of webhooks thus, they inherit certain aspects from webhook messages:
> - they can contain up to 10 message embeds
> - they can use guild emojis globally
> - they can mask links in message content
> :::

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
::: tip
Interaction responses are built on top of webhooks technology and inherit certain aspects from webhook messages:
- they can contain up to 10 message embeds
- they can use guild emojis globally
- they can mask links in message content
:::
```

Reviewer 8: Is the first point still needed? Bots also can send 10 embeds now.
And if not, 2 points seems to be somewhat of a strech to make a bullet point list.

Reviewer 7: good call, reflected in the suggestion

			type: 'BOOLEAN',
		},
		{
			name: 'target',
			description: 'Select a user',
			type: 'USER',
		},
		{
			name: 'destination',
			description: 'Select a channel',
			type: 'CHANNEL',
		},
		{
			name: 'muted',
			description: 'Select a role',
			type: 'ROLE',
		},
	],
};
```

You would `get()` these options from the `CommandInteraction#options` collection like this:

```js {5-11,13}
client.on('interaction', async interaction => {
	if (!interaction.isCommand()) return;

	if (interaction.commandName === 'ping') {
		const { value: string } = interaction.options.get('input');
		const { value: integer } = interaction.options.get('num');
		const { value: boolean } = interaction.options.get('choice');
		const { user } = interaction.options.get('target');
		const { member } = interaction.options.get('input');
		const { channel } = interaction.options.get('destination');
		const { role } = interaction.options.get('muted');

		console.log([string, integer, boolean, user, member, channel, role]);
		await interaction.reply('Pong!');
	}
});
```

::: tip
If you want the snowflake of a structure instead, you can retrieve that by accesing it with the `value` property.
:::

> 

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion

```
obsolete additional newline
